The ranking system is made up of 7 (official) ranks:

Unranked - You passed the training of WEOS and got yourself a high (very hard to get/mostly for high talents and only one class per 5 years) or low (very standard/10classes per year) certificat. Now you can go into many areas from here. To adv ance to a higher rank you need to pass an exam made by the top 10 of the rank or anyone from the T1(both low and true).

T5 - The weakest of the ranked ordinants. They usually handle weak phenomena or are just a standard police force to bring justice. Usually small building to building level or able to combat something of this caliber. 

T4 - Higher degrees of police forces and able to take out low level conscious natural phenomena. Large building to large island level or able to combat something of that level using hax.

T3 - Highest ranks of the official police forces and some chaoscientists. small continent level to star level or able to combat something of this caliber using hax.

T2 - Most chaoscientist and ordinants for mid level conscious phenomena. Minimum qualification to participate in war. The cap for most potentials. Large star to Universal + levels of power or hax able to combat one of that level. 

T1(low) - The T1 only takes 100 people and the T1-low is the low end of the T1 and usually contains the full 50 people it can hold. To join the low T1 you need to either defeat one of the 10 lowest ranked ones in an official battle or can go through the exam if a spot is free. high Universal + to Multiversal or something hax (could not destroy my reality since its infinite dimesnional which makes it omni-/outerversal in power to destroy). Mostly made up of many countries best fighters and not many countries are represented twice.

T1(true) - The highest one can reach. This makes you one of the closest things to a god you can be. The exam is made by the 10 highest ranked people from the true T1 and usually is only comprised of 15-40 people. Everything above High Multiversal+ or hax rivaling it. (at the time of the story it has only 23 members, not all are relevant or will ever be mentioned.)


Then theres the inofficial group of the 6 strongest people in the verse, the T0. --> for more information on the T0 look at its own document under the groups folder